A laundromat is a service business that allows people 
to bring their soiled laundry to the store, use the washing machines
and the drying machines, and leave with clean clothes. 
The classical model is that customers visit the facility
and check for availability. Payment is by coins or, in some 
recent models, by card. The customer requests work on the automation of 
services of the laundromat to allow its users to enjoy high flexibility 
and add to their time efficiency through scheduling, reservation, notifications, 
payment. You are asked to help automate the services offered by the laundromat. 
The proposed automation will focus on the following operational aspects: 
1. Washing and Drying Machine transformation: Each machine should be equipped 
with the necessary sensors to read its status (ON/OFF), amount of power consumed,
locked/unlocked, etc. 2. Security: the facility should be under continuous monitoring 
using cameras. This should allow the owner to monitor the activities in the facility and the clients to check on the machines they are using. 3. Scheduling: A client should be able to book a specific machine (washer and or dryer) for a number of cycles (cannot exceed 2 consecutive cycles per machine). 4. Payment: Clients should be allowed two modes of payment: a. The classical coin based method, where each machine will be equipped with a payment interface. b. The online payment method using a credit/debit card when completing the booking. In both cases, payment must be made before the machine can be used. 5. A repository of information on machines (records of usage, maintenance, revenue, etc.), clients, and bills (water, electricity). 6. Communication: The facility should be covered by an uninterrupted internet service to allow continuous access to the services of the facility. 
7. Feedback and Reviews: Clients should be able to provide feedback and 
reviews on the machines and on the facility. The administration will have the 
right to respond to reviews. The proposed solution will be implemented in the 
context of a Web/Mobile application that can support that automation on top of a networking model
 that involves many of the items in the included image (an existing solution). 
Figure 1 shows a sample topology of the proposed solution.